Now we wanna tell you how to boot
up the board for the first time.
You wanna be a little careful with it so
you don't damage it.
But just make sure that
before you turn it on,
you're gonna wanna connect an HDMI cable
to display, cuz you wanna be able to see
what you're gonna be doing to see
it boot up for the first time.
You then connect a mouse and
a keyboard to the USB slot.
And, you have to ensure that you
have the proper configuration set on
the boot configuration,
which Robert just talked about.
So, again, that'd be 0,0,0,0,
so they'll all be off.
And then, you can connect the power
adapter to the DC barrel jack.
And, once that happens,
you should wait a few seconds, and
you should see an Android
logo appear on the screen.
If you're doing this for the first time.
As far as we know, they're all going to
come with Android pre-installed on them so
you should see Android come up.
And then you'll be in a lock screen
kind of similar to your cell phone.
You'll be able to swipe to unlock, and
see all the different applications and
stuff on there.
If this is not your first time,
you can boot onto an SD card to
install a different operating system.
And you can boot into Ubuntu and in the
future, they'll have Windows available.
>> And, I mean, even though this
is the order we set things up,
you can swap things out of the USB ports.
A lot of times,
it's just safer to do it this way,
because you will be handling
the board with your hands.
And if you have the DC jack hooked up
while you're handling it, there's more
likeliness to short something or-
>> Yeah.
>> Damage it because you have a current
flowing through all the devices.
>> And your fingers conduct electricity,
so if you happen to inadvertently touch
something that shouldn't be connected,
you could short something out.
And it could most likely power it off.
But it could also damage
it if you're not careful.
>> You're less likely to do
that if it's not plugged in.